java Validate problems/problem01.txt sols/1.txt
java Validate problems/problem02.txt sols/2.txt
java Validate problems/problem03.txt sols/3.txt
java Validate problems/problem04.txt sols/4.txt
java Validate problems/problem05.txt sols/5.txt
java Validate problems/problem06.txt sols/6.txt
java Validate problems/problem07.txt sols/7.txt
java Validate problems/problem08.txt sols/8.txt
java Validate problems/problem09.txt sols/9.txt
java Validate problems/problem10.txt sols/10.txt
java Validate problems/problem11.txt sols/11.txt
java Validate problems/problem12.txt sols/12.txt
java Validate problems/problem13.txt sols/13.txt
java Validate problems/problem14.txt sols/14.txt
java Validate problems/problem15.txt sols/15.txt
java Validate problems/problem16.txt sols/16.txt
java Validate problems/problem17.txt sols/17.txt
java Validate problems/problem18.txt sols/18.txt
java Validate problems/problem19.txt sols/19.txt
java Validate problems/problem20.txt sols/20.txt
java Validate problems/problem21.txt sols/21.txt
java Validate problems/problem22.txt sols/22.txt
java Validate problems/problem23.txt sols/23.txt
java Validate problems/problem24.txt sols/24.txt
java Validate problems/problem25.txt sols/25.txt
java Validate problems/problem26.txt sols/26.txt
java Validate problems/problem27.txt sols/27.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem01.txt sols/r1.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem02.txt sols/r2.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem03.txt sols/r3.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem04.txt sols/r4.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem05.txt sols/r5.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem06.txt sols/r6.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem07.txt sols/r7.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem08.txt sols/r8.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem09.txt sols/r9.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem10.txt sols/r10.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem11.txt sols/r11.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem12.txt sols/r12.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem13.txt sols/r13.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem14.txt sols/r14.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem15.txt sols/r15.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem16.txt sols/r16.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem17.txt sols/r17.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem18.txt sols/r18.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem19.txt sols/r19.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem20.txt sols/r20.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem21.txt sols/r21.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem22.txt sols/r22.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem23.txt sols/r23.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem24.txt sols/r24.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem25.txt sols/r25.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem26.txt sols/r26.txt
java Validate rProblems/problem27.txt sols/r27.txt
